---PAGE 15---
15
EN
DMC Refrigeratorss	
Troubleshooting

WARNING: HEALTH HAZARD. 
Do not use toxic or hazardous chemicals to 
accelerate the defrosting process. Failure to obey 
this warning could result in death or serious injury.
NOTICE:	 Do not use abrasive cleaning agents or hard 
objects during cleaning, and do not allow water to drip 
into the seals, as this can damage the refrigerator. 
NOTICE:	 Never use mechanical tools to remove ice or 
to loosen objects stuck to the interior of the refrigerator. 
The only exceptions are devices that are approved for 
this purpose by the manufacturer.
NOTICE:	 The maintenance and cleaning instructions 
provided in this section should be performed once 
a year, or as needed depending on the use of the 
appliance. Failure to properly maintain the appliance 
might void the warranty and could result in unsafe 
operation. Preventive maintenance is not covered under 
the warranty. 
8. 1	 Defrosting the Refrigerator
The refrigerator has an auto-defrost feature that will 
automatically start a heating device to assist defrosting 
after a certain period of run time.
8. 2	Cleaning the Refrigerator
NOTICE:	 The exterior surface should only be cleaned 
with soap and water. Failure to obey this notice could 
result in damage to the refrigerator's finish.
Complete these steps to properly clean the refrigerator:
1.	 Clean the interior regularly, and as soon as it 
becomes dirty, using a damp cloth. Wipe dry.
2.	 Clean dust and debris from the condenser fan 
regularly, and ensure that the fan moves freely without 
obstruction.
8. 3	Storing the Refrigerator
If you do not intend to use the refrigerator for an 
extended period of time, complete the following steps:
1.	 Empty the contents of the refrigerator compartment.
2.	 Clean the refrigerator, if needed, as described in 
"Cleaning the Refrigerator" on page 15.
20	 Swinging out the Airing Feature
3.	 To prevent mold, mildew, or unpleasant odors from 
developing, leave the door slightly ajar. Use the airing 
feature to prevent the door from closing: 
a.	 Open both the freezer and fresh food door to 
access the lock.
b.	 Swing the airing feature out from the lock.
c.	 Close the doors until they gently rest against the 
airing feature on the door lock. 
9	 Troubleshooting

WARNING: ELECTRICAL SHOCK, FIRE, AND/
OR EXPLOSION HAZARD. Failure to obey the 
following warnings could result in death or 
serious injury:
•	 Always disconnect the refrigerator from power before 
cleaning and/or servicing.
•	 Maintenance not included in this Troubleshooting 
section must be done by a qualified service person 
only. 
The following table lists some of the possible issues that 
might be encountered when the refrigerator is in use, the 
possible causes of these issues, and the recommended 
actions that should be taken to remedy the issues.

---PAGE 16---
16
EN
Troubleshooting	
DMC Refrigeratorss
Problem
Possible Cause
Suggested Remedy
The refrigerator will not 
operate.
The power supply cord is disconnected.
Ensure that the refrigerator is connected and 
power is supplied.
The refrigerator is powered off.
Hold the mode button for three seconds to 
turn on the refrigerator. 
A household fuse or circuit breaker has tripped.
Ensure that there is power supplied to the 
refrigerator.
Food in the refrigerator 
compartment is freezing.
The internal temperature is set too cold.
Adjust the temperature to a warmer setting. 
The internal temperature 
in the refrigerator 
compartment is not cool 
enough.
The air vents in the fresh food compartment are 
blocked; this prevents the movement of cold air.
Ensure that the vents are clear and that 
there are proper clearances around the 
refrigerator. 
The refrigerator is placed too close to heat sources, or 
poor ventilation exists.
The door is opened too often or not closed properly.
Limit the amount of time that the door is 
opened during operation. 
A large amount of food has just been added to the 
refrigerator compartment.
Cool food before inserting it into the 
refrigerator. Adding warm food to the 
refrigerator delays cooling. 
The temperature setting is adjusted too warm. 
Set the thermostat to a cooler setting. 
The refrigerator seems to 
make unusual noise.
The refrigerator is not leveled on the floor.
Ensure that the refrigerator is properly 
leveled. Refer to "Positioning the 
Refrigerator" on page 6.
The body of the refrigerator touches a wall.
Ensure that there are proper clearances 
around the refrigerator. Refer to "Positioning 
the Refrigerator" on page 6.
There is interior moisture 
build-up.
The door is opened too often or not closed properly.
Limit the amount of time that the door is 
opened during operation and ensure that 
the door is properly closed after opening. 
The room is humid.
Install the refrigerator in an area with less 
humidity, if possible. 
The food is not packaged correctly.
Follow the recommended packaging 
instructions. Refer to "Operation" on page 
13 for details. 
The door will not close 
completely.
Food packages are keeping the door from closing 
properly.
Ensure that contents in the cooling 
compartment do not obstruct the door. 
The shelves are out of position. 
Ensure that the shelves are in their correct 
positions.
The gaskets are dirty.
Clean the gaskets with a damp cloth.
The refrigerator is not level.
Ensure that the refrigerator is properly 
leveled. Refer to "Positioning the 
Refrigerator" on page 6.

---PAGE 17---
17
EN
DMC Refrigeratorss	
Disposal
10	Disposal
M
M
Place the packaging material in the appropriate 
recycling waste bins, whenever possible. Consult 
a local recycling center or specialist dealer for 
details about how to dispose of the product in 
accordance with all applicable national and local 
regulations.
LIMITED ONE-YEAR 
WARRANTY
LIMITED ONE-YEAR WARRANTY AVAILABLE AT
WWW.DOMETIC.COM/WARRANTY.
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, OR TO OBTAIN A COPY 
OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY FREE OF CHARGE, 
CONTACT:
DOMETIC CORPORATION
CUSTOMER SUPPORT CENTER
1120 NORTH MAIN STREET
ELKHART, INDIANA, USA 46514
1-800-544-4881 OPT 1

